Chris Alliman MD: Alright, this is Chris Solomon. Today is April 28 7:30pm New Mexico.
Chris Alliman MD: New patient intake for Heather Pepin, date of birth is
Chris Alliman MD: How are you today.
Heather Pepin: I'm good, how are you
Chris Alliman MD: I'm doing well. Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: So I understand we're talking about Suboxone, is that correct
Heather Pepin: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent. So I don't know anything about you. So tell me about wider than getting on Suboxone tell me the story in the background. What's up,
Heather Pepin: Oh wow, um, since 2008 to 2016 I was really bad addicted to pain pills, anything that could really take hydrogels axes. I was taking like 20 to 30 pills a day.
Heather Pepin: And then I picked up a case in 2016 for possession and trafficking, so I've been in prison for the last two and a half years. And I just want to help to, you know, so I don't go back to the previous use that I have
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, excellent. When did you get out of prison.
Heather Pepin: I'm in October.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And how have things been going since October.
Heather Pepin: Um, it's okay. I have my days.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. How have you been staying away from the pills and dealing with all that
Heather Pepin: Oh, it's hard but I just been working in staying with family.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Are they supportive
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, good, good.
Heather Pepin: Now the yard.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah yeah
Heather Pepin: I didn't miss him then, so
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, absolutely. Why did you get started taking the pain pills initially
Heather Pepin: I had foot surgery and then I just got addicted to them after that. Okay.
Heather Pepin: It was
Heather Pepin: Yeah, it was awful.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. When was the last time to use them.
I'm
Heather Pepin: Like September 16
Heather Pepin: Okay, no 17 sorry 70 okay
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Alright, I'm going to switch topics here a little bit.
Chris Alliman MD: Any allergies to medications.
No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: And you take any medications regularly.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. What do you take
Heather Pepin: I take boost bars.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: For anxiety is it
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Anything else that you take regularly. No. All right. Surgery wise you mentioned that foot surgery. Why did you have foot surgery.
Heather Pepin: Um, I had a Bunyan on my foot.
Heather Pepin: So they went in to shave the bone off and
Chris Alliman MD: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: Well, that certainly took you from a minor surgery down a pretty wicked path.
Heather Pepin: It did. It was hard.
Chris Alliman MD: That's tough. Any other surgeries. Besides that Bunyan surgery.
Heather Pepin: I'm like, I've had my tubes tied
Heather Pepin: And then I've had cervical cancer twice.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you had a hysterectomy.
No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: Any other surgeries.
Heather Pepin: No, sir. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: And do you smoke.
Heather Pepin: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you smoke.
Heather Pepin: Probably like five cigarette today.
Chris Alliman MD: How long have you smoked for
Heather Pepin: Us since I was 16
Chris Alliman MD: So has it always been five cigarettes a day or it hasn't been more
Heather Pepin: It. Well, when I was in my addiction, it was worse.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Are you working at quitting.
Heather Pepin: Yeah, well, I don't even know why I started smoking back. Honestly, when I got out. So I guess all the stress and everything starting over. It's hard.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, well, that's certainly something will want to talk about along the way.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so
Chris Alliman MD: Any alcohol use.
Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Ever had an alcohol problem.
Heather Pepin: No, I mean I've drank occasionally, but it's never been an issue.
Chris Alliman MD: Good in any other drug use.
Heather Pepin: I've done methamphetamines I've smoked marijuana
Chris Alliman MD: When was the last time for each of those
Heather Pepin: September 17
Heather Pepin: So when I got locked up.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, just kind of ended it.
Heather Pepin: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Any family history of addiction.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, parents or siblings who has addiction and what to
Heather Pepin: My brother and my dad to methamphetamine.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: When you were taking the short acting opiates the pills. Did you ever overdose.
Chris Alliman MD: Know ever have to be a hospitalized or go to the emergency room.
Chris Alliman MD: No, sir. All right. Um, did you go through rehab at any point, or is it just kind of got cut off.
Heather Pepin: I just got cut off straight to prison on my first case so
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: What's that
Heather Pepin: I wish I could have went to rehab instead of prison.
Chris Alliman MD: Would have been nice as you're in prison. What did you find helpful to try as you came off the short acting opiates.
Heather Pepin: Um, well, honestly, it was hard. It wasn't really. I mean, because they don't really care about you in there. So I just kind of had to just go through withdrawals.
Chris Alliman MD: And how long did it take you to go through withdrawals.
Heather Pepin: A couple weeks.
Heather Pepin: Yeah, that's the hardest.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, it can be tough. Why are you wanting to get on Suboxone at this point.
Heather Pepin: Oh, because I feel like I want to use a lot
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Heather Pepin: And I'm on parole and probation, so
Heather Pepin: I don't want to go back. Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you have a primary care doctor to help out with your other issues, following the cervical cancer.
Heather Pepin: Um, I go to ob gyn my doctor that delivered my kids. But other than that, I don't go to a primary care physician.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And who's providing the the abuse bar for you.
Heather Pepin: Uh, the psychiatry is Dr. Brian
Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Are you in counseling or in groups.
Heather Pepin: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Which one both
Both
Chris Alliman MD: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: And you mentioned that you had a tubal ligation.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, sir. What's your marital status.
Chris Alliman MD: Single. Okay. And who are you living with at this point.
Heather Pepin: My brother and his wife.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and they know what's going on for you.
Heather Pepin: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. And they're supportive. It sounds like
Any children.
Chris Alliman MD: In that for yourself. You've got three
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, and any kids at that house.
Heather Pepin: Yes, my brother has to
Chris Alliman MD: Hold, are they
Heather Pepin: Um 12 and eight.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The reason I ask is because Suboxone the residue that gets on the hands the residue that's around the mouth or in the mouth. The residue from the packet is enough for kids to overdose. It can cause them to stop breathing.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so when you use the box. So, and you need to make sure you wash your hands. Well, rinse out your mouth in the packet needs to be thrown away outside, not in the house.
Heather Pepin: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: You also need to make sure that the kids aren't getting into the Suboxone itself.
Heather Pepin: Yes, if I keep my other medication put up and they not to touch it, so
Chris Alliman MD: Often we recommend like a lockbox or something to just
Heather Pepin: Do that.
Chris Alliman MD: That would be really good. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: That's good. And for that reason, we also send it. I'm going to get you a prescription of Suboxone today, but we also send in a prescription for Narcan the nasal spray for overdose.
Heather Pepin: I've heard of it, but I've never really
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so it's actually required by law that we send it in, but it's a good idea. Anyway, so that'll be part of the prescription that we send in plus it'll have a bunch of refills on it. So if you use it, you just go get another one.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Now, it's important that you make sure that other people in the house, your brother and his wife that they know where the Narc can is also
Heather Pepin: Yes, they're
Chris Alliman MD: Just so they can get to it if need be.
Heather Pepin: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Good, good, good, how are you spending the time currently
Heather Pepin: I'm I'm working
Heather Pepin: So,
Heather Pepin: Most of the day. I'm at work and then I'm at home with my brother and his family.
Chris Alliman MD: Good.
Heather Pepin: I get to see my kids certain days.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, they're not at your house. They're elsewhere. It sounds like
Heather Pepin: Oh, there was my mom.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. And this is kind of a sensitive question, but was there any chat history of childhood abuse for you.
Chris Alliman MD: Know, sir. Okay. We know that, especially for women that can lead towards addiction issues. So we like to just at least ask that question.
Heather Pepin: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Alright, so I'm going to ask you some more questions here. I've got a bunch yet to go
But
Chris Alliman MD: I want you to think back to the time when you were taking the pills, as we go through these like nine nine questions or so. Okay.
Heather Pepin: Okay.
All right.
Chris Alliman MD: So were you often taking the opioids and larger amount or over a longer period of time than initially intended
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Was there a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut down on their use.
Know,
Chris Alliman MD: When did you spend a half to spend a great deal of time trying to get the opiates use them or recover from them.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Where their cravings are a strong desire to use them.
Chris Alliman MD: Did their use cause failure to fulfill roles at work at school or at home.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use despite that, causing social or relationship problems.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to give up or reduce important social recreational or occupational activities because of the opiates.
Heather Pepin: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you continue or did you continue to use in situations that were physically hazardous like driving
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use despite knowing that it could cause physical or psychological problems.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Alright, so this next question.
Chris Alliman MD: It comes in two parts. And it's kind of the same question just asked in different ways. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. So, did you notice that if you used the same amount of the opiates, they didn't seem to work quite as well.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you also notice that you had to use more to get the same effect.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you have withdrawal symptoms when you stopped.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. Do you know your hepatitis C status.
Heather Pepin: I don't have it. I was tested in prison.
Chris Alliman MD: Wonderful glad to hear that.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. And how many pregnancies. Did you have
Three.
Chris Alliman MD: Three pregnancies three kids.
Heather Pepin: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. All right. This next set of questions is gonna just kind of run head to toe about symptoms and we're just thinking over the last two weeks we're not thinking back years on this one. Okay, okay, okay. So over the last two weeks. Have you had any fevers.
Chris Alliman MD: Know any night sweats.
Chris Alliman MD: Know, chills,
Chris Alliman MD: Know cold intolerance.
Chris Alliman MD: No vision changes.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Hearing changes.
Chris Alliman MD: nasal congestion.
Chris Alliman MD: No bloody noses know
Chris Alliman MD: Lip sores.
Chris Alliman MD: No pain.
Chris Alliman MD: No next stiffness
Chris Alliman MD: Know, shortness of breath.
Chris Alliman MD: No cough. No Chest pain.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Stomach pain.
Chris Alliman MD: Vomiting
Chris Alliman MD: No nausea.
Chris Alliman MD: Know diarrhea.
Chris Alliman MD: Constipation
Heather Pepin: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Pain with urination.
Chris Alliman MD: Blood in the urine.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Changes.
Heather Pepin: I'm sorry, was that
Chris Alliman MD: Skin changes. No.
Chris Alliman MD: Hair changes. No.
Chris Alliman MD: Joint pains no back pains.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Headaches, no.
Chris Alliman MD: Dizziness
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Mood Changes.
Heather Pepin: Yeah.
Heather Pepin: Depression, yes.
Heather Pepin: Anxiety. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: sleep problems.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, hallucinations know hopelessness.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes worthlessness
Heather Pepin: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Suicidal thoughts.
Chris Alliman MD: No. Okay, good, good, good. So we had mentioned you that you're taking the abuse bar for anxiety. Have you been diagnosed with depression or anything else.
Heather Pepin: No I seen him, but he didn't want to
Heather Pepin: It was my first appointment so when i go i think i go back next month and see him and then he's going to see, I'm doing
Chris Alliman MD: That. Okay, good. That sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, now we get to the part of doing the physical exam is always interesting to try to do over the computer.
Heather Pepin: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Watching you your, your breathing has been normal. So I'm putting down to normal respiration rate of 18
Chris Alliman MD: Longer you
Heather Pepin: Five foot
Chris Alliman MD: And how, what's your weight.
Heather Pepin: 130
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Do you know how to check your pulse.
Chris Alliman MD: No. Okay, I'm gonna get to teach you. You get to learn something. That's awesome.
Heather Pepin: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. So on your wrist underneath your thumb area.
Chris Alliman MD: If you press lightly not hard.
Chris Alliman MD: You can feel a pulse. Now notice I'm way over to the edge. I'm not here in the middle way over to the edge.
Chris Alliman MD: Try to try moving around a little bit, maybe coming down some go in
Chris Alliman MD: My
Heather Pepin: Sister In Law. She's a nurse.
Chris Alliman MD: Great. Yeah, have her do it. That'd be wonderful.
Heather Pepin: Okay, let me ask this.
Chris Alliman MD: So what I'm going to Heather, what I'm going to do it.
Chris Alliman MD: Do it.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to do a timer for six seconds I want her to count the number of poses.
Chris Alliman MD: I'll do, I'll start and stop.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And then when we have that number I can do that. Get the heart rate.
Heather Pepin: Heather, can take my whole it's
Heather Pepin: Not my fault. Your fault, you can take it for the starter. Yeah.
Heather Pepin: She's ready
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so we're going to do a six second timer. Okay, I'll give you a start and then stop just count the number of pulses in that six seconds. Tell me when you've got the post and we'll get started.
Heather Pepin: I tried to actually help what
Heather Pepin: Looks at
Your heart rate.
Heather Pepin: My brother said I was dead.
Heather Pepin: She's ready
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Ready, set, go.
Chris Alliman MD: And stop right
Heather Pepin: She said nine
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent. Thank you very much. So we take that times
Chris Alliman MD: 10 and that gives us a positive 90
Chris Alliman MD: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: And then the final part of the physical exam is just having you push on your stomach.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, need to know if there's any pain as you push on your stomach.
Heather Pepin: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, great. And that's what we got.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright. So Heather, how much do you know about our
Chris Alliman MD: Group are
Chris Alliman MD: And what we do.
Heather Pepin: I'm not much a friend gave it to me. We were both locked up together so she was like, maybe this will help you so she really I don't want to talk to her a lot so she just sent me the information
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so basically what we do is we have their two appointments, a week.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, a group appointment, where it would be me you a therapist and several other clients patients also and we do a group visit over zoom
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: While that's going on for the first half. We do a medical check in, where I see how people are doing on their medications, the second half the therapist does kind of a group processing thing.
Chris Alliman MD: And that's when I send in prescriptions for people
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so one has to come to group to get the prescription
Heather Pepin: Yeah, so
Chris Alliman MD: The second appointment. A week is an individual therapy appointment so it would be one on one with the therapist just you and her working through stuff.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, that's also required not optional.
Chris Alliman MD: And at least for the first month, what happens is the prescription from group is enough days to get you to the therapy appointment and then I hear that you saw the therapist, and then I send in a second prescription to get you back to group.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The reason we do that is previously we just did one week prescriptions, but people didn't tend to show up for their therapy appointments
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, you know,
Chris Alliman MD: The medication while important is only part of the equation. It's also dealing with the mental aspect and working through that behavioral health
Chris Alliman MD: Our goal is to get people off this stuff. We don't want to on it for long term, but to be able to do that folks have to learn the skills of how to how to manage
Heather Pepin: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, now in your situation you're seeing a psychiatrist and you said you're going to groups and go into individual therapy. So what I, what we need to do is have you have a
Chris Alliman MD: initial appointment with one of our therapists to do kind of our behavioral health intake.
Chris Alliman MD: And then they talk what's going on and see what's most appropriate for you at that point we tend not want to double do the services because that tends to get confusing and messy.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, but we can work that out as we go along.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, everything happens through zoom right. So the way you get into therapy and the way you get into group meetings is like you did today, you call into the virtual clinic.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and just like it calling the virtual clinic is like calling the doctor's office and it's like going in the front door at the doctor's office. There's always align and there's always paperwork to do
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so
Chris Alliman MD: What we encourage is that you call in at least 30 minutes before the appointment.
Chris Alliman MD: That way you can get through all the paperwork and wait in line, if necessary, and we're discovering it's taking that 30 minutes we're getting really busy with everybody being closed up at home.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. So, so plan on that. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So as we work out your Suboxone and the group and the therapy and all that stuff. There's information that will send to you. I have your email address as Pepin Heather 450 at GMAIL. COM
Heather Pepin: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent. So as we finish off here. I'll make sure to get that sent in to you.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so
Chris Alliman MD: It sounds like you're dealing with these cravings, but you're not just recently, not having to go through the withdrawals. You did that already.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. So what I'd like to do is send in the Suboxone one film a day for you.
Heather Pepin: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, and then we can talk it group and kind of see how things are going and if we need to adjust that.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, part of the thing to keep in mind is, if we go to a higher dose. It's just going to take you that much longer to come off of it eventually
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, right. But that shouldn't be the deciding factor. We want to keep you safe. We want to keep you, you know, able to manage the cravings and not go back to using again.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, sir. That's the priority, that's what's important. Yeah. So let's start off. We'll start off with the eight milligram films one film a day.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you know. Have you ever taken. Have you ever taken Suboxone
Heather Pepin: Um, I did a few times and I was locked up.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, fair enough. So you just kind of so you close yourself in the bathroom wash out your mouth. Put the film under the tone or in the side of the cheek and you sit there for five minutes and you don't swallow.
Heather Pepin: Are you. Hello. Oh, she found a little thing that takes it.
Chris Alliman MD: So every three months, we take vitals. So you'll need that again later on. Okay, that'll be good.
Okay.
Heather Pepin: Okay.
All right.
Heather Pepin: Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: So you close yourself in the bathroom wash out your mouth. Put the film in and then you keep it there for five minutes and you don't swallow for five minutes.
Heather Pepin: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The medication has to absorb through the cheek or through the gums. If you swallow it, and it goes to the stomach acid then it just gets inactivated.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, now you can't go for five minutes without swallowing, you're gonna swallow, that's fine.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. But, but you get the idea with that.
Heather Pepin: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Afterwards, rinse out your mouth, brush your teeth, whatever you need to do, take care of the trash. Wash your hands, all that stuff we talked about
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. But all right, and then I'll get the Narcan sent in for you also.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: What is your work schedule when
Heather Pepin: I'm it varies
Heather Pepin: Um, so like Mondays. I work all day and then like Tuesday and Wednesday Wednesdays I work from five in the morning to 11am and then
Heather Pepin: Thursdays and Fridays. I work day
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so you're
All
Heather Pepin: Set and stuff like, Is there certain time, that those happen.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, yeah. And I'm just trying to work through those in my mind here initially. Um, we have a group on on Wednesday evenings at 730
Heather Pepin: Okay. Yeah, that'd be perfect.
Heather Pepin: Good. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Heather Pepin: So that's going to be tomorrow.
Chris Alliman MD: Tomorrow, once you're there tomorrow, so check in half an hour ahead of time, at least half an hour ahead of time. If you check in five minutes beforehand, you're not going to get in. It's just
Heather Pepin: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: One thing that we are starting to tell people is, you could even check in the night before, if you wanted to.
Heather Pepin: Oh, OK.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's always an option. And then you get all the paperwork done and then you call in
Chris Alliman MD: You still have to check in before the meeting on the day but you wouldn't have all the paperwork to have to work through
Chris Alliman MD: Okay work things out that way. So,
Heather Pepin: We close because I know we're on different times. Right.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm actually in in Albuquerque.
Heather Pepin: Oh, okay.
Heather Pepin: Yeah, that's where my interest is I see him over the video thing too.
Chris Alliman MD: Very good. Where are you located
Heather Pepin: I'm in Clovis
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, fair enough. So the virtual clinic is open 24 hours a day.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So there's yeah you can get that at any time.
Chris Alliman MD: So in the email that I send you. It'll have the information about when your group time is and all this stuff that we're kind of talking about. So I'm going to send that to you.
Chris Alliman MD: When we talk, we will on Wednesday we'll talk about getting you connected to a therapist.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Actually, you know what I'm going to send I don't with your schedule. I don't think it's going to work out too well the therapist for the Wednesday group is in Hawaii.
Heather Pepin: Oh, wow.
Chris Alliman MD: That's like six hours or something ridiculous. So you would have
Chris Alliman MD: You might be able to do well. You couldn't do Wednesday's because that would be your group. I don't know. Let's see what we can work out. I'll send her a message and see if she wants to take you on
Heather Pepin: If she's got openings and
Chris Alliman MD: He would like to do so. She may be in touch with you. You may not hear from her before group tomorrow because that's a pretty quick turnaround.
Heather Pepin: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Heather Pepin: I got
Heather Pepin: On the email that they sent what the confirmation for the my appointment I have to go get my bloodwork done
Heather Pepin: Yes. Okay. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: That helps us we check into a lot of different things. You've already been checked for hepatitis C, but that is one of the things that we check for again also HIV, I believe, and syphilis and a lot of different things.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so yeah get that done to
I'm going to try
Heather Pepin: So you get it done.
Chris Alliman MD: Perfect. I won't have the results for you right away that takes a bit of time.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, well, we'll wait on that. That sounds good. Good question. Oh, the first prescription is going to be for four days, and it's going to have a refill on it.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: That's kind of how we're starting to do things now. So we'll see how that works out for you to
Chris Alliman MD: What pharmacy. Do you use
Heather Pepin: Um, I usually go to Walgreens. But did you know if they do them.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, Walgreens does absolutely
Heather Pepin: Okay, if you could do.
Chris Alliman MD: Let me check your
Chris Alliman MD: What they've got in here just to make sure that it's correct.
Heather Pepin: Because I had told them Walmart because I didn't know Walgreens did it.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, yeah, I've got Walmart here in the computer.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: We can do it to Walgreens instead
Okay.
Heather Pepin: I just didn't have to get them so
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, that's fine. And it's the same zip code 88101
Heather Pepin: Yes, sir. Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: And then I'll let them know to change that in your profile. So we don't struggle with that in the future.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Other questions that you have, Heather.
Um,
Heather Pepin: No, I just had the question about the lab work.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, sure. So it'll be good. The, the group is on Wednesdays is a good group.
Chris Alliman MD: The therapist talks through things she doesn't call on people to respond. She just waits for people to respond.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, but you'll see how all of it kind of works out, you'll be there for the medical check in and I'll check other people in before I talk with you. So you'll kind of see how it goes.
Heather Pepin: How long is it usually like an hour.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, everything's an hour long generally
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. All right, Heather. Sounds good.
Heather Pepin: Thank you.
Heather Pepin: So what description be sent tomorrow.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to send it in right now.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Yep. So if I don't know if they're still open or whatnot. But if you pick it up tomorrow or whatever it is fine.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good.
Heather Pepin: Thank you so much.
Chris Alliman MD: Absolutely. I'm glad to have you in group. I think this will work out really well.
Heather Pepin: All right, thank you. Have a good night.
Chris Alliman MD: You too. Bye bye.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright dictating on this first patients like impression patient with substance abuse and anxiety and depression symptoms patient's level of stresses moderate to severe includes economic and relationship problems relationships stressors are moderate
Chris Alliman MD: Patient has a strong sense of self, good object relations appears to abstract I'm exam patient reports history of psychiatric treatment.
Chris Alliman MD: But the nice hospitalizations.
Chris Alliman MD: G three P3.
Chris Alliman MD: Hurry 90 respiration is 18 height five feet weighed 130 pounds physical exam, it's normal assessment and plan.
Chris Alliman MD: Severe opioid use disorder.
Chris Alliman MD: Patients on a continuation plan, but we'll start Suboxone a dash two one film a day.
Chris Alliman MD: Patient has been off of the short acting opiates for for several years, struggling with cravings, but would do well.
Chris Alliman MD: On a low dose Suboxone will then re address a group to see a further increase needs to happen.
Chris Alliman MD: Group will be Wednesdays at 7:30pm
Chris Alliman MD: will connect the patient with
Chris Alliman MD: Dominique
Chris Alliman MD: For therapy.
Chris Alliman MD: Next is tobacco use disorder patient is working on quitting. She's down to five cigarettes a day.
Chris Alliman MD: Indication on this patient.